Reorg tiering policy sections into manage tiering (#3524)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/data-tiering/index.md

we do the work for you. 

<Highlight type="info">

Tiered storage is only available for the [Time series and analytics](https://www.timescale.com/products)
instances you create in [$CLOUD_LONG](https://console.cloud.timescale.com/). 

Tiered storage **DOES NOT** work on Self-hosted TimescaleDB or Managed Service for TimescaleDB.  
</Highlight>

<!-- vale Google.SmartQuotes = YES -->

This section explains the following:
* [Learn about the object storage tier][about-data-tiering]: understand tiered storage before you 

>   [Manage tiering][enabling-data-tiering].

Reviewer: should remove this.

> * [Tour tiered storage][tour-data-tiering]: see the different features in tiered storage. 

Reviewer 2: Can you remove this link please.

* [Tour tiered storage][tour-data-tiering]: see the different features in tiered storage. 
* [Manage tiering][enabling-data-tiering]: enable and disable data tiering, automate tiering with 
   policies or tier and untier manually.
* [Query tiered data][querying-tiered-data]: query and performance for tiered data.

> * [Replicas and forks with tiered data][replicas-and-forks]: billing and tiered storage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Replicas and forks with tiered data][replicas-and-forks]: How does tiered storage work with forks and replicas. 
```
